that is London
sixty minutes is all it took to bring
humanity to the very brink of extinction
mankind mobilized a new age arose the
age the great predator city's survival
of the fastest
hey watch out Valentine this is for my
mother
stop
Oh ask him what you murdered my mother
I'm sorry you had to head
as to Shaw she won't stop until I'm dead
unless you kill her first I want them
found
I've been looking for you for a long
time your mother she said she had found
something dangerous she was afraid of
Valentine of what he might do mine who
controls this controls the world she
said that you could stop him
his weapon to wipe out the largest city
in the blink of an eye
not if we shut it down
nothing can stand in the face of this we
have to stop London before it destroys
us
I'm sure you want to do this once we go
in there's no going back
I have to
you